---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Daily Plans week 1
description: Daily plans for week 1.  Analyzing hacks, planing blog, making blog
type: Tri1
courses: { csse: {week: 1} }
---

### Unit 1 / Week 1
monday - making new teacher/student repository on github and cloning it into vs code. (was not working)

tuesday - had strugles with cloning and using the repositories but got it fixed by asking teachers/peers and figuring out to fork the repository to have acsess

wenesday - Learning that index.md is the homepage.  asking and searching how to code using markdown.  starting to change theme and persoalize blog

thursday - learning to add images and how to resize them to prefered size (could not get commits to work)

friday - creating token to fix commiting problem and fixing up blog!

Learning outcome: learned how to code in markdown,  how to change the theme off the webpage, and how to make and use token (solving problem with commits!)


### Pair Planning Meeting
> Update Blog to contain all hacks.  Review week with Pair and look ahead and start plan for next week.  Try to be done and learn your machine before Monday EOD.
- A laptop, that you bring to class every day with ability to operate Development Tools on it or within the Cloud.
- GitHub Account, VSCode will be used to push/pull changes. GitHub is where we store and share code in the cloud, think of Google Docs but for Code.
- GitHub Pages will be used to host your personal blog: containing notes, answering hacks, and showing tangibles.  Building pages will teach Markdown, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more.
- Jupyter Notebooks will be used in conjunction with GitHub Pages to build running Code in your blog.
- Slack Account, install the App on Laptop and/or phone, get used to reading announcements. Slack is the tool that we will use for messaging, we have been averaging 1000s of essages each year.
- VSCode is the code editor we will be using in this class.  VSCode is more than and editor, this type of tool is often called an Interactive Development Environment (IDE). 
- Run make commands to build and test blog locally, before pushing changes to GitHub pages.
